hey what's good with Jarmusch boy ticket
cane game phonetic to Michael join the
game and also the rebel to youtube on
the ground and i'm back with yet another
commentary um first thing i want to say
if anybody came over from the podcast
thank you for subscribing to my channel
also if you came from my strange
knocking live streaming now you know the
whole Luminati podcast crew we'd be over
there streaming hey you know we got some
homeboys that be joined there's no ethos
and um cuz I'm black David join us in
the streets but if you subscribe me to
those why misters do you know hi miss
but I did from thanks for subscribing
anyway man today I want to talk about
something we talked about the podcast
and people was going nuts about it with
like angry I got like a whole bunch of
people calling me stupid which is pretty
much higher goals all the time anyway I
mean that's nothing different but we
were talking about the the arm over the
call the PlayStation now now going into
this already knew what was going to
happen because PlayStation has some huge
fan boys so you say anything about
Playstation you want to get destroyed so
we went in and we knew it was a
streaming service and everything like
that but you know a lot of people was
comparing it to the backwards compatible
but we know it's not you know the answer
to backwards compatibility but we were
still just stating in the podcast at yo
be mad that we got to do the streaming
service instead of just making our gain
speed backwards compatible like rock can
it be that way so I had some guys coming
over he got Duke doing so bad though but
I had a couple guys um send me some
messages on the podcast you know some
taking messages and explain so far the
reason why I'm still kind of i'm still
not too sure about the excuses i was
giving arm and I was saying could
actually did some research on it I'm
still not too sure about um
I guess it could be plausible but I'm
not sure so the thing people telling me
was you know the PlayStation is built on
a different architects and no I'm doing
my job to people say i'm doing a quote
fingers on architect architecture
architecture architecture so you know
the playstation 3 use the whole 6-cell
core thing or whatever and the
playstation 4 doesn't use that same
processing power or processor
architecture so with that being said
they are saying that it will not be able
to emulate the you know the ps3 games
because it's not using that same process
but then I'm looking at it like well you
know you can get a ticket for example
okay i bought call of duty on my old
dual-core intel processor actually was
an AMD my old Intel I mean not until my
old AMD dual-core processor back in 2005
okay so i was trying to call a duty on
that mountain call duty came out 2003 I
can run thats a call of duty but i have
to put in combat on compatibility mode i
can run down on my same pc that i have
now which i bought last was last year or
two years ago 10 steam and i can run it
on that and those those processes are
different attention so I don't know um
on a while I'm able to do that i didn't
pay extra I mean they sent you have to
pay extra if they play stations do it i
had to pay extra get duped or I'd have
to pay extra so I don't know but um
anyway man on the PlayStation now
service is actually like a netflix
concert pretty much stick over there
sega channel that's what it is it's
pretty much sega channel that we had
back in the 90s where you could you know
get get the cable channel for sega and
they pretty much kind of stream the
games through the cable channel or
whatever you could play the games long
as you had the weird box of stuff they
had set up for it and plug your
controllers into and you were a car like
that and that all live thing but there
was a a similarity with both of those
systems they all failed
it lasts long and I can see this with
Playstation now because the main problem
of a sin look at that people who were
actually talking about it like there
were four words and things discussing it
and you know the articles and things
like that it might work for a lot of us
in the US but then there's people in
other countries who whose cable company
still run narrow brands on instead of
broadband so let's do them on a narrow
band over there and a lot of them are
eat or even struggling just to get four
megabytes because you have to have five
megabytes to screen these games a lot of
these different countries are even
struggling just to get for mains off the
internet often ones that have broadband
that's going to be an issue and I know
some people in the US that have the same
issue man like their connections just
not orange strong enough and when you
think about it even if your connection
is so I'm going to save us say you get
five or six mix let's say you get a
disruption in your connection that
you're going to be lagging all over the
place it's going to be a problem on too
many people hop on your bandwidth you're
going to be led it's not going to be too
great of a system and plus you got to
pay for it I really still see it as a
way to slowly can get more money out you
um just let us play our whole games and
then in the future if consoles keep
going it does enough for console come
out man just let us play our PlayStation
4's on the PlayStation five our xbox one
games on the xbox two or whatever they
call it the zero just let us run it on
there man but let me know how you guys
feeling a comment section how do you
feel about this PlayStation now service
but it's your boy taking I know a lot of
y'all won't like it is y'all some sony
fanboys but i'll have you gone
you